As I live in Vietnam, which is developing country, and can be considered under-impoverished, it is really hard for me to afford such online course at the pricing $49-$79; as a result, I just can only spend a portion of my income to pay for an online course. 
Im studying at a national college, im living dependently from my parents so I have to pay a lot things related to living expenses, housing price and incurred expense. However, I really want to obtain a verified certificate in order to highlight my resumé and my online profile on Linkedin for better career goals afterwards. My university's tuition is around $300-400 a years so paying $49 - $79 is likely to be unaffordable for my own budget, which can cause economic hardship
I also want to contribute my discussing to the Coursera's community & the forum, to the students who taking the same courses as me, I'll try as hard as possible to help people address the issues they have with the exercises in this course.
For those reasons, having to pay full-priced course is really a burden for me, and can't afford it without Financial Assistance from Coursera. Hopefully I will received the support as a support for my education, and contributing for the society later on.


As my major is Computer Science, it is really necessary to have a good foundation of Data Structure and Algorithm. I'm taking the same-titled course at school and hopefully this course will help me optimize my GPA and also deliver a concrete platform on "Data Structure and Algorithm" for me, as I will later specialize in this field.
I read through the syllabus of this course and I found it really interesting to learn, everything in the syllabus is concrete and well-structured, which I hope can help build a good foundation on this field.
Discussing in the Coursera's forum is also plus, it's not because I'm asking for the financial aid that I would "promise" to contribute and answer others' question in the forum, it just came naturally that I want to help others as a way to help and better myself.
Also, I'd like to pursue a verified certificate on Coursera as a ticket to have rich & potential resumé and eye-catching LinkedIn online profile, having more chance of getting a good job and eventual contributing for the society and having a better life myself.



In Vietnam, we don't some sort of low-interest loans for education. And if the loan is in the US, it's really hard for me to reach out and obtain the offer.